DANNY:
This is the Conway Residences.
Where's the crime scene?
BAEZ: Central said to use
the auxiliary entrance.
You want the
door next door.
What's wrong with this door?
This must be
an 80-20.
We're going to
the poor door.
The what?
Real estate developer
wants to grease the wheels
to get a luxury
high-rise built,
(rings) he's gotta make 20% of
the units affordable housing.
Oh.
So this is the door
the affordable people use.
Yep. The poor door.
(door buzzing)
Got it.
After you.
You the first on the scene?
Yeah.
You speak to the neighbors?
Anybody hear anything?
Not that they're saying.
Apparently, the victim
didn't show up to work,
wasn't answering
his phone,
so his mom came by
and found him.
She had a key.
That's her,
down there.
Thank you.
You better talk to her.
Ma'am, I'm
Detective Baez.
I'm very sorry
for your loss.
(speaking Spanish)
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
(sighs)
Deputy Commissioner Moore
is on his
way up, sir.
Did he say what he wanted?
Does he ever?
I had a heads up from Teddy Nelson
at the  Daily News.
They're going to run this
tomorrow on the cover.
Thank you, Baker.
Nice car.
And that nice car is a Ferrari
with a Fraternal Order
of Detectives plate
and an NYPD placard on the dash.
Whose car is it?
It's registered to
a veteran narcotics detective,
Louis Weems.
This thing's gotta be
three years of a detective's
salary, before taxes.
Almost to the dollar.
And the press is going
to do the same math.
A narcotics cop
who, routinely,
in the course of his duties,
seizes piles of drugs and cash.
Is he known to I.A.?
No.
Record's spotless.
Does his family have money?
Single.
Parents own a dry cleaners
in St. Albans.
Okay.
But we are going to assume
there is
a legitimate explanation
we haven't thought of
right off the bat.
Okay.
But there's another thing.
He's a former partner
and drinking buddy
of Lieutenant Gormley's...
...who wants to quarterback
whatever digging
we do from here.
Because?
Because he says Weems
is one of the good guys
who's gonna get
burned at the stake
just for being savvy.
Savvy, huh?
All right, what
would you rather do,
lick the tiles
on the Lincoln Tunnel
or... go skinny-dipping
in the Gowanus Canal?
You're sick,
you know that?
You have to answer
the question.
Ooh.
I don't have to answer the question.
DISPATCH (over radio): Be advised
we have a confirmed 10-13
from the officer,
front of 3491 Lexington.
Units responding?
Central, 12 David.
Show us responding.
Here, take this.
(siren wailing,
tires squealing)
(woman screaming)
(gunfire)
(gunfire continues)
(tires squealing)
Whoa!
Get down, get down!
(gunfire continues)
Let's go, let's go.
Okay.
(grunting)
JAMIE:
Let's go, let's go!
(panting, grunting)
Sproles, you hit?
I'm fine. Go get 'em.
(man groaning)
Hey! Stay down!
Stay down!
JANKO: Keep your hands
where I can see 'em!
Where's the gun?
MAN:
I ain't got one.
Central, be advised perp fled
the scene in a late model...
Where's the gun?
I don't got one!
What?
I took a bullet. I need some help.
EDDIE:
Oh, you need help?
30 seconds ago,
you were trying to kill us
and now you need help?
I didn't shoot nobody!
I don't have a gun.
Hey, shut up.
You cover him,
I'll cuff him.
Roll over.
(groans)
Shooter got away.
EDDIE:
Yeah?
We got the booby prize.
♪ Blue Bloods 5x14 ♪
The Poor Door
Original Air Date on February 6, 2015
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man
♪  ♪
I-I knew him
to say hello to.
He came and
introduced himself
after he won
the lottery.
What do you mean,
he won the lottery?
Not like you're thinking.
To get into this side of the
building, they have a lottery.
Like 9,000 applicants
for 58 spots.
He's paying, like, $600
for this apartment
and market value's
two, three grand.
I think you mean
he paid $600 for it.
Yeah, paid. Paid, yeah.
Come on.
We're going to need security
surveillance video, all right? - Yeah.
Can you help us out with that?
Yeah, management company.
I'll give you the guy.
You ever see any
suspicious-looking types
coming in and out
of that apartment?
Any criminal activity?
Oh, no. I mean, not him.
He's a school teacher.
He taught up in the Bronx--
like, fourth grade or something.
Super healthy guy, too.
He'd go for a run
in the morning,
and drink green
juice, like that.
In fact, he got caught
using the gym here.
What-what do you mean,
he got caught?
Well, the gym is off-limits
to the poor door side,
and, uh, he got
into it with a guy,
couple weeks ago.
Wow.
For using the gym?
Yeah.
The roof deck, pool, gym...
they're all for
the retail side only.
The guy got all up
in Diego's face.
This "guy," he have a name?
Yeah.
Mr. Carstairs, 22B.
Got a minute?
Of course, boss.
I just got a call from the mayor
about Detective Weems.
About the car thing?
He feels that when
this hits the paper,
he will be vulnerable on his
Tale of Two Cities
re-election platform.
This isn't a tale
of two cities, boss.
This is more like one of those
Horatio Alger stories.
How's that?
Louis Weems is one of those guys
who would've succeeded no matter
what field he went into.
I mean,
he sees value where
other people miss it.
Guy could be an entrepreneur.
Guy drives a Ferrari
on a detective's salary.
He must be an entrepreneur
in some sense.
Boss, I've known Louis Weems
since I came on the job.
We were partners together
when I worked Narcotics;
he's the godfather
to my son Brendan.
So your vision could be cloudy
where Louis Weems is concerned.
No, I looked under
all the rocks.
The ones he showed you?
Even his personnel file,
including everything
I.A. poked around in.
I-I-I put it all
in a 49 for you.
Uh, last few years he made
300, 400K.
The extra income
coming from real estate
transactions in Brooklyn North.
It's on the up-and-up.
I swear, boss.
They call him Lightning Louie
because he's a real savvy
kind of guy, that's all.
When this hits the papers
tomorrow, Sid,
we're going to be
the punch line of the day.
All due respect, sir,
that's not his fault.
But I hope you're clear
on what your job is in this.
Sir?
You're part of
my command staff now.
There's no room for looking out
for your buddy;
your job is to look out for me.
Yeah, I know that, sir.
You still want
to quarterback this?
Yeah, yeah.
Yes, sir.
I don't gotta tell you nothing, all right?
Listen...
Why don't you make yourself useful
Just calm down, all right?
and pour me
a glass of water, huh?
(grunts): Come on. Hey!
Useless.
Any leads on the shooter?
Car got ditched
by Chelsea Piers.
CSU is going over it
right now, as we speak,
but five'll get you ten
it was reported stolen.
He's giving
up nothing?
A lot of attitude,
that's it.
Keep your ears open.
If he lets anything slip,
let me know.
MAN: Could I get a little
help in here, please?
I can't
reach my water.
Let's get this guy
to give up the shooter.
Easier said
than done.
Good cop, bad cop?
How about bad cop,
worse cop?
What's the problem?
That other cop moved my table.
I can't reach my water.
Please.
(indistinct announcement
over P.A.)
(grunts)
Can you reach it now?
Just...
What about...?
Can you...
Oh, can you reach it now?
Oh, come on!
Again with the games?
Please!
(grunts)
You know what?
I'll just call the nurse.
With this?
Yeah...
What, seriously?
(mutters)
(grunts)
Go be worse cop.
You know how we feel about you?
Yeah,
let me guess-- not real hot.
You shoot a cop,
you shoot a brother.
I didn't shoot that cop.
Somebody else did.
But I'm sorry, all right?
Please, come on,
I got cotton mouth.
(sighs)
Thank you.
Is that the new issue?
Well, can I see it
when you're done?
(sighs)
BAEZ:
I think that's the guy.
Martin Carstairs?
Yes?
Detective Reagan,
this is Detective Baez.
We need to ask you
a few questions.
Sure.
Saw this coming.
Here's my card.
You're a lawyer,
Mr. Carstairs?
I assume this is about
the little shoving match
with the dead Puerto Rican kid?
Why don't you tell us
about your little shoving match
with the dead Puerto Rican kid?
What am I supposed to say?
Puerto Rican American?
It's a tone thing.
Okay.
Look, just tell us
what happened, all right?
I'm in the fitness center
and this Puerto...
this gentleman...
he's in there, like, every day.
I know he lives
behind the poor door,
so I call him on it.
Says he's a guest.
A guest?
His girlfriend gave him
a swipe card.
White girl from the penthouse.
A white girl?
Yeah, so?
Well, you wouldn't have
said "white girl"
if it was a white guy.
What?
Hey, (stammers)
just keep going.
What happened next?
Nothing.
A couple of shoves,
I called the management company,
he never showed up again.
Where were you
the night before last?
Seriously?
I was out with a white girl.
All night.
All right.
Great, we're gonna
need to speak
to this, uh, white girl.
You know, talking wasn't
her strong suit.
We'll be in touch.
Adios.
Yeah, adios yourself.
(groans)
What the hell?
You asked for it.
What a jerk.
All right, then
just give it back.
No, come on, come on.
What do you got?
A bullet in the gut,
you know that.
No, I mean, car.
Geez.
Why do you think I got a car?
Anybody over 16 who reads
that's either got one
or is buying or selling.
Even in Mineola.
I'm from Uniondale.
Even worse.
I had a '65 Goat.
What do you got?
Had a '71 Chevelle SS.
396?
454.
Tremac transmission,
hooker headers, roller cam.
Mm, nice.
Yeah.
So, why did you sell the Goat?
I didn't.
Idiot friend of mine
wrapped it around a pole
on the Southern State
doing 110.
Did he die?
Broke an arm.
Guy gets away with everything.
Same guy who left you
high and dry?
Some friend.
Yeah, like I said,
he's an idiot.
That GTO had original
drum brakes on it, huh?
Yeah.
That was the thing--
that beast could move,
but it took forever to stop.
Well, those brakes suck.
JAMIE:
Cantwell had a '65
GTO that got into a big wreck
on the Southern State Parkway
about a year ago April.
Driver in the accident report
is likely our shooter.
Yeah.
Okay, will do.
Thank you.
I can't believe he
gave you the shooter.
Yeah, not on purpose.
Guy's a real
box of rocks.
You don't got to pass a test
to become a criminal.
(phone ringing)
The girl from
the penthouse?
Yeah, Rada Radchenko.
Oh, she's a
real looker.
This is her father,
he owns the penthouse.
Ivan Radchenko.
What do we know
about him?
Uh, money comes
from Russian oil
and gas.
He's former KGB.
Well, those KGB guys made off
with big money,
throwing elbows all the way.
Well, he's certainly trying
to make a legit life here.
On the board of the ballet,
honoree at big time
charity benefits.
Huh.
High society stuff.
Yeah, a real fancy-pants.
(clicks mouse)
And there's
the happy couple.
So Diego and
Rada start dating,
KGB dad doesn't
like it.
You know, kind of
like  Romeo and Juliet.
Well, as I remember
from high school English,
that didn't work out
too well for them.
(sobbing)
(sobbing continues)
BAEZ: Is that Radchenko
with the mother?
Yep.
They sure don't seem like the
Capulets and the Montagues.
The who?
The two families
from  Romeo and Juliet
(phone ringing)
that hated each other.
Yeah, this ain't
that story.
Reagan.
You're kidding me.
How much?
Unbelievable.
Yeah, thanks.
CSU found a half a key of
coke in Diego's closet.
Well, that definitely didn't
happen to Romeo and Juliet.
Well, like I said,
this is
a different story.
Hey, Reagan.
Detective.
Nassau County PD
came up with a name
on the possible
shooter-- Theo Salzer.
Good work.
They gonna talk to him?
Yeah, we're sitting on his
apartment out in Hempstead,
but I don't think he's
coming home anytime soon.
He's got two other
warrants out on him.
Both for armed robbery.
They gonna offer Cantwell
a deal to cooperate?
No.
Cop got shot.
No discounts
for nobody.
See if you can squeeze another
nugget out of your boy.
He's not my boy.
(men laughing)
Ten-hut!
As you were.
Boss, this is
Detective Weems.
Commissioner, this
is my privilege.
This is my
union delegate,
Detective
Tim Cafferty.
I assure you this is meant
to be an informal discussion.
Please.
Understood.
I-I wanted to come
stag, but, you know,
the union insisted, so...
Anyway, here we are.
And here this is.
Yeah, I saw that.
And it makes
you feel...?
Like it must be a slow news day.
CAFFERTY:
There's no infraction here,
legal or departmental.
I understand you've been
speculating in real estate.
Yeah, well, I've been working
Brooklyn North Narcotics now
for, like, 12 years,
and thanks to a lot of hard
work from all our guys,
you know, we're bringing
back a hellhole.
Block by block.
So, yeah, you know, I bought
a house, I made some money.
After I flipped it,
I bought another house,
kind of like that.
And as a narcotics detective,
you're in a unique
position
to see a change
in the neighborhood.
Oh, yeah,
well, I mean,
you clean out
a crackhouse,
that block just
got better.
You can see the value.
You ever buy a crackhouse,
then clean it out?
No, no, that would be
against the law.
You clean it out, then buy it,
that's legal.
Uh, what's the timing on that?
For instance,
raid a building on Tuesday,
put in an offer on Wednesday?
Well, all business is timing.
So is all insider trading.
Internal Affairs already looked
into this-- it's all legit.
I know, I know.
And I understand.
Louis,
say you're a rookie,
and you find out
that a detective in your
precinct is driving around
in an expensive car
and buying up real estate.
What would you think?
And he's legit?
Not really my point.
I'd make it my business
to buy that detective a drink
and get to know
everything about him.
(chuckles)
Thanks for coming up.
Get in touch with Carla Brooks
at the Department of Buildings,
use my name and get me
everything they have
on the detective's activities,
then send it over to ADA Reagan.
May I ask why?
Do you need to ask why?
Sir, it's been gone over.
I mean, why are you going
after a guy for being savvy?
There's that word again.
Why are you pushing
back, Lieutenant?
I'm not, I'm just...
Standing up for a stand-up guy.
You put it that way,
well, yeah.
Then don't.
That is not your
job in this,
and if you can't do
your job in this
because of your
friendship with Weems,
say so right now.
Well, what is my job in this?
Something is not proper simply
because it is permissible,
nor is it ethical
because it is legal.
Cops have to be held
to a higher standard.
And if there's a way to
stop this, to thwart him,
I want to know about it.
Any more questions?
No, sir.
Carla Brooks, use my name.
Loop in ADA Reagan.
Yes, sir.
That's all.
(sighs)
They'll be right with you.
Wow, fancy.
Yeah.
M-O-N-E-Y fancy.
Uh...
Ivan Radchenko.
Detective Reagan.
Detective Baez.
Welcome.
She's very fragile right now.
We understand.
You were in law
enforcement yourself,
is that right, Mr. Radchenko?
Yes, I was.
Now you'll ask me
if I have any theory
about who did
this terrible thing?
Do you?
Look,
as a father
to a beautiful young woman,
I was skeptical
about this man.
Yes, naturally.
Over the time
I came to know him,
he was a good man.
He was... he was a striver.
He was a hard worker, uh...
Uh, I don't know
why anyone would do this.
(door closes)
Rada?
Uh, Detective
Reagan...
Uh, I apologize.
Baez.
Right.
Hello.
Hi, Rada.
You've had a couple
of days to think
about what you knew
of Diego. Did you?
Yes, of course.
Is there anything
you can point
us towards,
someone he might have
had a conflict with?
Even the smallest thing
could be helpful.
No.
He just wanted
to bring light to the world,
to the kids he taught,
to everything.
Uh-huh. And how 'bout the drugs?
Cocaine.
Was that how he wanted to bring
light to the world?
What are you talking about?
Cocaine that we found
in his closet.
Cocaine?
Oh, yeah. A whole lot of it.
That's not true.
We have no reason to lie to you.
Rada...
is there something
you're hiding from me?
No, I know him...
Rada.
(speaking Russian)
RADA:
No.
I know everything
about him.
(speaks Russian)
Was Diego having
any trouble with money,
student loans?
Did he talk about anything
like that?
No.
He would never go
near drugs. He...
He was a schoolteacher.
Right. So maybe you just went
down to his apartment
and did some cocaine
with your drug dealing
boyfriend?
Please.
I can't listen to this.
Rada.
Rada, Rada.
(door opens, closes)
Rada.
Hey, can you do me
a solid and take these cuffs off
so I can cut this meat here?
Please?
Where's Theo Salzer?
More like, who's Theo Salzer?
The guy who wrecked your GTO
with a 1.2
blood alcohol level and
40 pounds of stolen shell steaks
in the trunk.
Oh.
That Theo Salzer.
Yeah. I get it.
Where is he?
I don't know.
I don't want to talk about that.
You don't want
to talk about it?
What... what do you
want to talk about?
You want to talk about
how the cop downstairs
took a bullet from him?
I just want to eat, okay?
You want to talk about
how it shattered his elbow?
So he'll never regain
full use of his arm?
Yeah, so he can never
come back on the job? Huh?
Not my problem, bro.
I'm not your bro.
Yeah, whatever, man.
Whatever, man.
Yeah.
Yeah, you just want to eat,
right?
Yeah, now you're
catching on. Yeah.
Yeah. I'll help you eat, huh?
Why don't I help you eat!
Help! Ow!
Want me to help you eat?!
Reagan!
Help! Help! Where's Theo Salzer?
Where's Theo Salzer?
Ow!
Reagan! Where's Salzer?
Police brutality!
Where's Salzer?
Reagan, come... Reagan, enough. Go.
Get out of here.
(knocking)
Ms. Parsons?
Yes?
Lieutenant Gormley, NYPD.
Look, I told y'all
everything I know.
It was my cousin's boyfriend.
He was not supposed
to be in there.
I did not give him a key
and I didn't have
anything to do with them drugs.
Ms. Parsons, I'm not here
to investigate the drugs.
I'm here to find out
if you were
wrongly evicted
from your home.
Hell, yes, I was.
Can you tell me what happened?
I had to go to North Carolina
for a funeral.
My cousin Shania came
to stay with the girls.
Shania, she hooked up
with this guy,
Roscoe, from downstairs.
And she's always get...
Anyway, the police raid
Roscoe's apartment
and he takes the fire escape
up to my place
with a bag full of drugs.
Police come up,
arrest Shania and Roscoe
and put my kids
in Child Services.
And you came back...
Somebody changed the locks
and me and the girls
wind up in this shelter.
And now they tell me
the building got sold.
Look, Ms. Parsons...
I'm sorry about all this.
I have a lawyer
who can help you.
Assistant District
Attorney Erin Reagan.
Here's her card.
All right?
She's expecting
a call from you, okay?
Okay.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Te con leche.
We can speak English,
Detective.
Okay, Ms. Torres.
Listen, I know you don't believe
Diego had anything
to do with drugs,
but the fact remains we did
find drugs in the apartment,
so I'm gonna have
to question you about that.
Okay?
I understand.
Was Diego in any kind of money
trouble that you knew about?
No. And he would have
told me if he was.
Do you think
he felt inadequate
dating such a rich girl?
Like maybe he needed
to prove himself
by making big money?
I don't think so.
(sighs)
Do you have any idea
why there would be
cocaine in the apartment?
I don't.
But I know he wasn't
selling drugs.
How?
What do drug dealers want?
They want money, right?
Yeah.
Ivan offered my son
$200,000 to go away,
to leave his daughter alone.
He did?
Diego told you that?
Yes.
You think Ivan wanted
Diego out of the way?
Yes.
They say money
changes everything.
But it couldn't change my son.
He was a good man.
Can I offer you anything?
Yeah, how about Diego's killer?
That I don't have.
As you... you know.
Manuela said you
offered Diego
money to stay away
from Rada, is that right?
Absolutely true.
You must have really wanted him
out of the picture.
If he'd taken the money,
I would have.
Okay, tell us
what you mean.
Of course I tested Diego.
Of course.
For a schoolteacher this
is a lot of money, for me...
it's an efficient way to protect
my daughter from the dogs.
That's all.
We have to ask,
Mr. Radchenko,
where were you
Wednesday night?
I was in Brooklyn
to see the Nets play.
If you need the proof,
I was with
Steve Warren,
Brooklyn borough president.
You can call him.
You can look at
the television coverage.
We were right behind
the visitor bench.
BAEZ: Here's Radchenko
leaving the lobby at 6:05.
Go back over that.
BAEZ:
Okay.
Did you see that?
He nodded at
the other guy.
Let me find a better
angle on him.
Let's try that one.
Was that a nod?
That was definitely a nod.
What are you thinking?
(sighs)
JANKO:
You want some?
Mm-mm.
JANKO:
It's really refreshing.
It's got, like,
negative calories
and great mouth feel.
Mouth feel?
It's a real thing.
They talk about it
on cooking shows.
Hey, what's going on?
The wound's infected.
He's developed sepsis.
What does that mean?
Means we hope
the antibiotics work.
But if I were him,
I wouldn't be
taking out any
magazine subscriptions.
The D.A.'s office determined
Ms. Parsons has
rights to tenancy.
And where's that leave Weems?
Well, he can't
flip it with her
still in residence,
so he's settling.
Happily?
I wouldn't characterize it as that.
Begrudgingly, then?
300 grand, so yeah.
And what are you gonna
do to him next?
To who?
Weems.
I wasn't gonna do anything.
(sighs)
You're not getting this,
are you?
Boss?
This kind of thing,
you see it through,
they talk about it.
How Sid Gormley got wind
that an old pal
was using his shield
to game the system.
And how Sid Gormley
made an example out of him.
I don't want to do this--
he's a friend.
Yeah, you want to do this.
Why?
It's how you make your bones
in this building.
You set standards.
And not just
for your ride-along
or your rookie tail.
You set standards
for all 35,000 of 'em.
Any suggestions?
If I were you--
and right now, I am--
I'd figure I could come up
with something on my own.
All right,
here we go.
(beeping)
BAEZ:
Oleg Kaus. Known ties
to the Russian mob, criminal
possession of a weapon,
assault, assault
with a deadly weapon.
This guy runs
his daughter's life
like it's
a KGB operation.
So she falls in love with
a kid from the wrong side
of the building, he tries
to buy him off, it doesn't work,
so he makes like
it was just a test...
The actions of a concerned
parent. Thank you.
But now he really has to do something.
Uh-huh.
So he hires an assassin,
creates an alibi...
Right. Plants the drugs
in Diego's closet,
throwing off the
investigation
and discrediting Diego
at the same time.
Too sad to be true?
A human tragedy.
Hey.
My blood pressure's
in the toilet.
They said I could die here.
We all got to die somewhere.
Thanks.
What do you expect from me--
a get well card?
Let me make a phone call.
No, you had your call.
No, come on,
I got to call my mother.
All right, I'll tell you what...
I'm not gonna give you Salzer.
Just let me call my mother.
You dial, but I talk first,
all right?
Verify that it's her.
(keys beeping)
(dissonant tone)
Says it's out of service.
You sure the
number's right?
Yeah.
I don't know. I haven't talked
to her in a couple years.
Maybe she moved again.
You got any other family,
anybody else that might
know where she is?
Nope.
Nobody.
You know,
just in case,
uh... could you write
something down for me, please?
To my mom?
In case she comes
for the remains.
Okay, shoot.
No,
I'm not saying that I feel sorry
for him-- he's got a record
goes back to his teens.
His partner
shot a cop.
I know that.
So end of story.
Is this going somewhere?
Let me finish?
Come on, guys.
Okay, so you
don't feel bad, but...
Mom...
Erin, haven't you
ever prosecuted someone
you thought to yourself
how much more
punishment can
one person take?
What do you mean?
Everyone has a choice.
Free will.
Yeah, but some people,
you look at 'em,
you think, there but for
the grace of God go I.
But this guy,
it's like God's got it
out for him
and everyone else
should just
stay back 500 feet.
Well, is there anything you can do?
I don't know--
I was the arresting officer in
an incident where a fellow cop
got wounded. I don't think it's
my job to make his life easier.
Well, if you
could, say,
show some act of kindness,
God would follow it up
by dropping a piano
on his head anyway-- like that?
Ex-Exactly, yes, thank you.
Well, we've all had those.
When I was working patrol,
we had
a B and E out in,
uh, Rego Park.
Homeowner hears a noise
downstairs, calls it in.
I come in through
the kitchen and
I find the guy
in the living room
unhooking the TV.
But he's blind drunk
and he can barely stand up.
So?
So...
the 911 call came in
from the mom.
He'd broken into
his own parents' house.
Seriously?!
Yeah.
(all laughing)
What an idiot.
So, what happened to him?
Mom and Dad pressed charges.
I think he did 18 months for it.
Pass the potatoes, please.
Got a minute?
Shoot.
Sergeant Gormley.
You mean Lieutenant Gormley?
Yes.
You are the one
who promoted him.
I know that.
It's kind of my question.
Do you think he has
what this takes?
In terms of?
Can he leave the need
to be liked down in the lobby
when he comes to work up here?
I think so.
You do?
Half his "just one of the guys"
act is an act.
He's smart.
And more ambitious for himself
than he wants to let on.
I could be wrong.
Have you ever said that
and actually meant it?
No.
Hey.
It's over.
Is that what they said?
Pretty much.
You want to talk to anyone?
You want to see anyone?
I'll break a rule.
I'll get them up here.
I got no one.
A priest?
Or a reverend?
Nah.
They never did nothing for me.
Okay.
If there's a hell,
I bet I go.
You can still ask
for forgiveness.
No, I think it's
a little late for that.
But I can do this.
Salzer's at his cousin Tommy...
he's at his cousin
Tommy's place.
39 Oak Street.
New Hyde Park.
Swear on my own grave.
He's the one that shot the cop.
Want to write that down for me?
Sign it?
Yeah.
You're doing good, Wally.
Says you.
Diego invited me
to his class one time.
He taught the fourth grade
in the Bronx, poor school.
Very chaotic
in the hallways.
But these children,
they listened to him.
He was tough
and gentle.
And funny.
Everybody loved him.
Including you.
Especially me.
But not your father.
Not at first.
He's protective.
But he grew to like Diego.
He offered Diego money
to stay away from you.
A lot of money.
Did you know about that?
He did that
with other boyfriends, too.
He did?
I told you.
He's very protective.
Rada, honey...
I'm really trying
to understand
what happened here.
And I agree with you.
I don't believe Diego
was mixed up with drugs.
I think they were planted.
But who would do that?
I don't know.
Do you recognize this man?
Oleg Kaus.
He worked for my father
back in Moscow.
Why are you showing me this?
This was taken
in the lobby of your building
the day Diego was murdered.
(exhales)
Oh.
No.
(shuddering breath)
My father?
We can't prove it.
(exhales)
But you can believe it?
Rada, I'm so sorry.
(crying)
I have to leave now.
No, please stay.
No.
Eddie.
Wally, someone here to see you.
(labored breathing)
Mom?
Hello, Wallace.
(exhales)
Mom.
Oh.
(stifled sob)
(coughs)
(sighs)
Oh.
(stifled sob)
(sighs)
How'd she get
into Diego's apartment?
He gave her a key.
Of course he did.
(sighs)
Live with yourself.
I asked the building inspector
to look for violations
in all of Weems' buildings.
Major?
Major enough
to kill the deals.
You think he's
underwater?
Back of the napkin
figures? Drowning.
Just don't ask me to do
anything else to the guy.
You think
it's overkill?
I don't question
your command.
I didn't ask that.
Lou.
Sit down.
What are you doing up here?
Sid, I thought everything
was on the up and up.
No, you didn't, Louis.
Don't insult us.
Sid tells me you're a savvy guy.
Don't make a liar out of him.
Okay.
All right, I cut some corners.
You're getting warmer.
I just thought
that I'd ask an old friend
to save my job.
Every time I turn
the corner,
I'm putting out another fire.
It was all on the up and up,
Louis.
I can't lose my job.
Louis, that's not up to me.
(sighs)
Actually, it is.
It is?
In this instance.
(sighs)
Louis,
you can keep your job.
But one misstep,
one cut corner,
and you're gonna be
in the trial room
fighting for that job!
Thank you.
Don't thank me.
Thank him.
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org